                                                                                                 My Goals And Interests

    In this blog post, I am going to talk about myself, my interests, and goals, specifically my goals in this course. Firstly, I'm going to discuss my unique trait. I think my uniqueness lies in setting goals and
doing whatever it takes to achieve them. These goals can be related to my job, my body, or my personal life. My intelligence and hardworking nature help me significantly in these matters.
    Secondly, I want to talk about my interests and the goals mentioned before. I have many goals, but in this blog post, I will start with my career goals. My career goals are simple: I want a job and position that
are passionate, exciting, and far from stress. I want to feel like I am not working, but rather, I am pursuing my hobby. As mentioned earlier, I have goals related to my body. Two years ago, I was overweight, and I 
lost 30 kgs. However, this is not enough for me; I continue to go to the gym and work out to achieve my body goals. At the same time, these two goals are related to my interests: coding and the gym. I also have 
interests such as watching TV series, soccer matches, and basketball matches.
    Thirdly, I want to discuss my relationships with other people, my contributions to them, and utilizing their strengths for myself. I can contribute to my friends by sharing information, collaborating, and
listening them. Communication is crucial to achieving these goals because everyone around me has different perspectives. Therefore, I should leverage these perspectives. Finally, I want to talk about my goals
related to the Oral and Written Communication course. My goal in this course is to have the ability to communicate easily with my job partners and express myself clearly. Additionally, I want to learn to write blog 
posts and deliver presentations. With good communication abilities, I believe that I will have strong relationships with my partners and bosses.

Furkan İnceer
05220000345
